# NFLXStockPrediction

Predicting stock prices is incredibly difficult for even seasoned investors. This project will utilize machine learning to create a multi-modal model that estimates the price of a stock with the use of sentiment and other factors. I did this by combining an LSTM model and a sentiment model. I received the model from https://www.kaggle.com/code/taronzakaryan/predicting-stock-price-using-lstm-model-pytorch/notebook. At first glance the model is perfect and it is very easy to predict the future of stocks, however, it is not truly predicting all that information. A Long Short-Term Memory(LSTM) model is a type of recurrent neural network that can use past information to predict the next time_step. A time_step is how the data is split and what information the model uses to predict the output. The model initially goes through the training process where it uses 80% of the close price data. Afterward, we want to test the ability of the model using the test dataset. Theoretically, this should be the answer, but realistically what is happening is that the results of the model are predicted using all factual data and this would be helpful if we want to predict one day in the future however, what would it look like if we predict farther into the future with just the close price. This is shown in NFLX_Stock_Predicted.ipynb, where we see the line immediately fall and start to plateau. To solve this issue, I decided to add sentiment to the model and change the input value to two. This did help, however, it wasn’t the solution that I was looking for. I decided to test my theory that the more information that is provided to the model the accuracy of the model directly correlates with it. This seemed to be the case as the model would be more efficient and be able to predict farther into the future with better accuracy. This seemed to be the case as my result drastically changed and as shown in the graph in NFLX_All-Data_Predicted.ipynb, the model can perceive the drastic change in stock.  
